I was the first to start studying the Bible.
After that, I started studying too.
After watching them for a year,
I began studying too.
Since our parents had stopped studying,
only three of us went to the meetings.
We saved our allowance
to take the bus to meetings.
But sometimes
when we were short of money—
My sisters let me ride the bus,
since I’m the youngest,
and they would walk.
We used to walk
an hour and a half each way.
Meetings were so important to us
that we never felt it was a burden.
May 2007.
For me, it was October 2006.
I was baptized in October 2005.
Three years later,
I spent a week
with a special pioneer
who was serving in the countryside.
We prayed together every night
and read life stories from The Watchtower.
I told Jehovah
that I wanted to be just like her.
Although my relatives
were unhappy with my decision,
with Jehovah’s help,
I decided to become a pioneer.
I followed her example,
and I became a pioneer too.
I was working six days a week
to support my family,
so I prayed to Jehovah
for the opportunity to become a pioneer.
After my boss reduced
my work to five days a week,
I started pioneering.
Pioneer service gives you the opportunity
to serve Jehovah more fully.
Working closely with Jehovah,
I really feel part of his family.
My relationship with Jehovah
has gotten stronger.
When I pray now,
it feels like I’m talking to my close friend.
It allows you to expand your ministry.
I became a special pioneer in June 2013.
I’ve served at Bethel since September 2013.
In April 2014,
I was appointed a special pioneer.
Now I can serve Jehovah more fully.
My appreciation for Jehovah has deepened.
Our mother, who had opposed us,
became a pioneer too.
Full-time service is—
—really awesome!